# PA3 Reflection - Peter Boster - 09/26/2019

This assignment was to design a program that would read a ppm image file, and write the ppm contents to a new file with the "red" color values changes to 0. Although I did struggle with this project, in the end it turned out that I was approaching the problem with the wrong mindset, and that the project was pretty simple to complete. The way I first tried this project, I stuck to the things I know inside and out: ifstream and ofstream, for loops, while loops, and getline. The first draft I made was working, but was formatting the project in a very unpleasant way and would occasionally change the wrong values so I had to scrap it. I think the main reasons I tackled this problem by just sticking to things from 111 was out of comfort in using what I know well,and because I didn't want to feel like I was stealing the code from the lecture. But after hearing that we shouldn't be scared of reusing lecture code, I decided to scrap my old program and try to make a function that could read a line of string and parse it by changing the first and every third character using istringstream. I then figured out that the spacing issue was that by using getline(stream, var, ' '), I was picking up an empty string into var. That caused a spacing issue in my code so I used an if statement to skip empty strings in the variable. After getting this down, I added a counter and imported the FileHelpers files from the chapter 8 lecture to build out the rest of the code. 

From this project, I realized that it's okay to use our resources to build on, and that I shouldn't be scared to try new things, rather than only using the basic bread and butter from 111. Going forward, I want to seperate my one function into several, and to implement a ppm class to organize the other two programs into. I also want to make the function I have read the string vector containing the lines of the file, and input the pixel values into a vector of integers, and print from there.