In this first assignment I felt pretty confident going into it and just kinda assumed that it would be easy enough to figure out. I was quite wrong and am still slightly confused with what exactly is required because when I did try to change both documents to the same name and commit but no error appeared so I am unsure if I did it all correctly. Prior to me getting the pull request fulfilled I did struggle with merging the new files and didn’t get it to work for a few days. I would recommend that future students should look into GitHub and whatever platform they are using, especially if they are doing it through Xcode or any other program. Once they are more familiarized with the platform(s) they are using it will make it much easier to look at the instructions and build out from it and use it more as a platform to help lead them to discover more about the application’s functions and how they can use it to their benefit in the future. The most fun aspect of the project was probably when I got to play around with GitHub and it’s integration with visual studio and Xcode. On a similar vein, I think the most useful part of this project and this class by extension was that it pushes more towards getting students to learn not just how to learn from class but ask the right questions and encourages them to find their own answers online which is by far the most applicable thing we could learn for the real world. I do think that the steps required to finish the assignment was rather clear but where I personally got tripped up was in trying to decipher what exactly the goal was which made it rather difficult to mentally path out what I was trying to accomplish as I went through the steps. I think the best way to remedy this would be to possibly use bullet points instead and to change up some of the wording in order to have more cues as to what we are trying to do. I also think that it might be cool if the instructions where somewhat formatted like C++ coding as I think it would be humorous and also just further reinforce that aspect.