Coming into this exercise I didn’t really have any understanding of github other than basic navigation and controls; on the other end of the assignment I feel much more confident in my ability to utilize the functions necessary to succeed in CS112. I really appreciate this approach to assignments in which autodidacticism is encouraged, I personally learn a lot more by googling or trial and error than I do in any traditional classroom environment. That’s why I haven’t completed college already in all honesty. Back to the assignment at hand though. I accidentally put through a pull request for the actual class repository rather than just pulling the updated files from within TortoiseGit. Even when I figured that out I ended up getting an error as I’d messed about with that main readme.md that was used for a markdown example on the first day. I was able to resolve it quickly and as such, I imagined that the other main part of the assignment would be simple. I’m sure it is, but for me it definitely wasn’t. I was trying to figure out how to clone a repository on github into another repository but I realized I could just make a couple more folders on my desktop in which I cloned my fork. I did the renaming somehow after committing and pushing both alterations I was left with only the contents of the second folder. I wanted to recreate the specific scenario we were requested to deal with. Thus I copied back the missing files for conflict_a.md and conflict_b.md to opposing folders and pushed everything. I ended up encountering the specific conflict mentioned in the assignment and resolved it by combining both files into one file. I tried to do it from within Virtual Studio Code but I clicked the wrong resolve option and ended up recreating the one I was trying to select by hand. I finally pushed everything again and it is now updated on my fork of the class repository. I felt like I struggled in recreating the issue originally, but in turn ended up solving many more problems and conflicts than was expected and I feel like I learned more than if I had succeeded in recreating the originally intended conflict on the first try. The thing that really made the difference to me was trying to use Github Bash to do what I needed to. After learning some basic bash commands everything sort of clicked and I began to understand the way git works. I think the command line interface made me realize just how similar to FTP this process is. I have always been very good at problem solving computing issues either way so I am even more confident in my ability to fix problems I run into with git and github after this experience.