# Reflection for Programming Assignment One

I'm really glad that I took time to figure out how to use Git with this assignment (Im pretty sure I did but we'll see). Git is kind of a resume line item for computer science and a good introduction to VCS's in general. If I were to do it again I would most likely not try to do it with the command line, once I just started using VS Code everything was a lot easier. for some reason I couldnt get past the merge conflict using the mergetool on the command line. I didnt understand how to use the merge tool and got impatient with it. I realized that you actually had to edit the HEAD <<<<< >>>>> indicators and did, but couldnt find out how to save the changes I made on the command line. My skills with the command line are generally pretty lacking so I feel like I was using this as an excuse just to get more familiar with it but for the purposes of the assignment I should've just gotten it in on time.

I appreciate that this class is using git for all of the hw assignments because it allows for full immersion in the git platform. Also itll be a record of my learning throughout the semester... to see where and when I made changes. The platform seems kind of clunky though and even though merge conflicts are presented to a team there is still a huge chance of code getting deleted or modified when resolving merge conflicts. Still it is much better then having to all have separate copies of the code that arent related whatsoever. 

 getting back into the groove of doing hw is also going to be a struggle so I'm glad this first assignment was simple. Being able to sit down and work on the projects that I want to work on whenever I want was a luxury over the summer. Starting to HW again is reminding me how important it is to have a focused mindspace before diving into any study session or assignment. I used to be a music major and they say that 10 minutes of focused practice is better then 2 hours of mindless doodling on your instrument. if youre not paying attention to the mistakes your making and going etremely slowly at first then youre bound to learn the wrong way of doing things which will then be perpetuated whenever you revisit the same problem. 