## Reflection for pa_2 
I've found that when I have a lot of time to finish something I will almost always wait until the last minute. This hurt me on this assignment because of the check in that I was super unprepared for. I finihsed the assignment a couple days after but lost those 5 points.
While working on this project I struggled reading all of the C++ termiology that is used in the docs. often they would use C++ keywords to describe the methods and functions used and their parameters so I had to get used to that since it has been a year and a half since CS 111. Also while I was first sitting down to learn I tried to relearn too much at once but it was helpful because I needed a refresher in all the basic cout cin stuff. the actual syntax of the language is similar enough from other languages but its just how it is all implemented that was tripping me up. 
While I was testing my code I was pressing fun the local debugger; I found that after I ran the code several times it wouldnt work even though there were no build errors. I wrote code that I was certain was right and probbaly was and this caused me to waste time thinking I was wrong when I actually was right. This confused me and I spent several minutes trying to figure out what was going on but I believe its because Visual Studio was only debugging my code and not running the .exe. Once I started pressing F5 it worked everytime. 
Some advice I would give to another student would be to make sure theyre thinking about exactly what it is youre trying to do to the file because the methods you use to acheive your purposes could be drastically different. for instance, the difference between printing out all the lines with a loop (a dn not storing anything to memory), or getting a individual line and doing something with its contents. 
The most fun part about this assignment was running the code and having it do something I want to. I think that I started to have fun once I knew how I was going to acheive my goals and could write the code freely without debugging every two lines. 
I think this assignment could be more beneficial by being two parts and possibly adding more refresher problems overall. maybe one for each large concept that was covered in CS 111, so like for loops, while loops, cin, getline, switch statements, if, and file io. for people who are coming back after taking CS 111 the prior semester it wouldnt be hard and for the ones who are coming back after a few it could be really beneficial.